Name,Stars,Reviews,Comments
Vaibhav Bharati,4,Read carefully.. My Experience was complicated just because of boot time i.e. on/off time was too long until I didn't go for updates but once I have done all updates... I am telling you guys...Maska..hai.. Maska..Superb performance.. and look wise i liked it very much. I use to play GT racing without any lag..My daughter is also happy for her online studies.My suggestion is that don't think twice just go for it with Flipkart.Thanks flipkart for very safe and on time delivery.READ MORE,Very Good
MD MATHIN ALI,5,"#Price up to markIts wonderful product for those ,who looking for  student and domestic work1)Its just my dream lappi,(laptop)2)just go for laptop,its really awesome3)I just bought it for my project and bussiness work it's awesome4)one of the best product from HP5)just price is little high ,it have to be reduced6) I loved it7) I recommend it for u,💯💯❤️READ MORE",Terrific
Sayani  Banerjee ,5,Nice laptop and Ryzen 3 is a good processor for multi tasking... Design and color both are good. It's better to go with this HP laptop in this price segment...READ MORE,Worth every penny
Satyajit Swain,3,"This laptop needs to be upgraded to at least 8 gb memory for better performance as most of HP bloatware that comes with the windows build use almost 80% of ram all the time. Besides the built in vega gpu shares Ram as it does not have dedicated graphics memory. An SSD upgrade and booting the OS in there should do wonders to the disk I/O and overall performance. Out of the box, laptop is sluggish so 3 stars.READ MORE",Fair
Vijay Singh  Shekhawat,3,"HP Product is Good/Ok, but personally i will prefer Dell Laptop. Dell Laptop is best & friendly for smooth process& I thing i3 is better comparison to Rayzen 3.READ MORE",Fair
Anoop Mathew,5,Awesome and nice for students and all. The favorite things is its comes with Windows and office home and student precious.READ MORE,Just wow!
Vivek Raturi,3,Do not expect much :1)Very slow takes a lot of time just open a browser.2)Design is good  3)Battery backup ok.if you want to do basic editing and some gaming then go for atleast 8 GB ram and 4 core processor .READ MORE,Good
Anand Amirtharaj,4,"Compare to i3, ryzen 3 is far better in performance with 4gb ram, full Battery charged still works more than 6 hrs... No heating problem.. Display only not bad quality, rest of them are worth for this amountREAD MORE",Wonderful
Flipkart Customer,4,Very nice product finishing is very good.READ MORE,Very Good
Shivani  Pankaj,4,This laptop is very light weight and I am happy!! 🙂🙂READ MORE,Nice product
